Welcome back to spring when we see development.
Before we start I should say that you come a very long way.
Up until now.
And a lot more great news coming ahead.
You should be really proud of yourself.
Now let's talk about what spring in years and what we're going to be developing before we go into details
of our application.
We must take a moment to discuss what we see stands for and what's the motivation behind it.
And we see is actually a design pattern in software engineering principles.
So what we see stands for is model we one controller.
Basically it says that you are part of one application code must be separated from the underlying backend
or the actual implementation.
So what is and we see no am for model model is your data model in principle.
Let's say that you have a reservation application and a ticket would be one of the models in the sense
we we you we you as it sounds the user facing interface over application considering the similar analogy
for reservation we would be a ticket purchasing interface C4 controller controller is the remaining
part and is the actual implementation part of your application for a reservation application.
You would have a reservation controller where you get to purchasing data from the UI and then persist
it to a database.
I think you get the point.
And we see a pattern by now.
Now we know what we see is and how it works.
Now let's see what Springhill we see has to offer spring and we see is built on top of this foundation.
And one of the richest and greatest components in the Spring Framework as you'll see when we start developing
spring applies and we see principle very well it separates the model we would control or elegantly so
we can take care of individual parts of your application independently.
These are the very basics of spring.
And we see so what we're going to be developing with spring and we see we'll be developing a spring
and we'll the application making use of time leaf template engine and we'll build more on top of that
throughout the following tutorials.
To check out and understand how resources and static web content handling spring and we see I'll see
you on the next video.